Board Chair - Fiona Kirabo 
She is passionate through a personal experience with both her sister, Linda, and a close friend who passed away from breast cancer. Professionally, has worked in business advisory services and strategic innovation for the last 15 years. Worked with global organizations and those within Africa. Spearheaded the set up of Human Resource companies across 8 countries in Africa. Specialises in Management, Talent thought leadership, Team resource, and risk implementation services. Has previously served on the board for R-Switch in Rwanda. Fiona is also a member of the Human Resource Managers Association of Uganda, and the League of East African Directors.

 Justus Amanyire - Legal 
Lawyer by profession and a businessman, specifically in real estate development. He believes that everyone at one point has interacted with cancer through family and friends, and everyone should be concerned about it because we are all potential victims. He hopes for Lumps Away to fill the gap in service delivery in this area.  

Dr. Alfred Jatho -  Technical 
Works at the Uganda Cancer Institute (UCI) and heads the Department of Community Health Services, which provides awareness, and early detection (screening and diagnosis strategies) services for Cancer. He is also part of the team in the National Cancer Control Secretariat that has been working over the last five years to develop the National Cancer Control Plan, and he is happy that Lumps Away has among its thematic areas to provide services under this plan. He also has an extensive background in cancer control and population health, with efforts in research areas, training, awareness campaigns, development of cancer information material, and community engagement in the context of health.

Winnie Birungi - Finance 
Works with ACLAIM Africa Limited as a Senior Consultant and Finance Lead for the EYDCD Program (5-year program by Master Card Foundation to support youth in grassroots areas). Over the last 8 years, she has previously served as Finance Lead for HIV and CDC PEPFA and USAID programs under the Ministry of Health, as well as ICAP program and Uganda Blood Bank, CPHL (Central Public Health Laboratories) serves as Finance Project Accountant. She is also a Project Manager for the Netherlands Program of a consortium of Women across different regions in Africa with HIV/AIDS and serves on other boards as a Finance expert, two of which are related to business and another NGO focussing on HIV/AIDS. 